**Bower** is good and simple. I don't like having to maintain another version number though. Fortunately, `grunt-bump` come to the rescue. Bower allows you 
to extract libraries files from your repository and manage versioning and upgrades with simplicity. Plus, tools like `npm-check-updates` will make your like much easier. Not sure if it will survive the JSPM/WebPack wave though.  

**Bootstrap** is more robust and customizable than before. Bootstrap v1 did not convince me but I succumbed to bootstrap v3. Much thoroughness in this v3. I like the generic and utility components of bootstrap. Good starting point. 

**Angular** is a strange thing. I was totally against it at first. I'm very suspiscious in general with black box frameworks or tools. I'm more of a Backbone guy. It is true that learning angular is not a [straight path](http://www.google.fr/url?source=imglanding&ct=img&q=http://www.bennadel.com/resources/uploads/2013/feelings_about_angularjs_over_time.png&sa=X&ei=E89UVdjrEoS0UdvPgJAI&ved=0CAkQ8wc&usg=AFQjCNG_h7OAtthWp-Ed2JWUk1kcGYppbQ). 
There are ups and downs. I could have ease my curve by accepting not to understand everything at first. When you are a freak control, sometimes you have to take a leap of faith. I don't like everything in angular, and clearly they are still searching themselves. But at the end of the day, I will keep it and I'm looking forward to Angular 2. Development time are quite reduced and some concepts are really good and pleasant. 

I'm truly convinced by **Karma** and **Protractor**. What a pleasure. They make your test journey so much easier.